Now,
I will announce the physics homework
for the 67th expedition
on the distance learning course.
Page 913, number 35.
Page 135, number 55.
Page 245, number 41.
Page 712, number 22.
Page 369, number 91.
Page 179, number 13.
Page 293, number 80.
Page 276, number 19.
It's been over a month
since my last confession, Father.
It's been a while.
Professor Han I-seop.
Have you checked where your son's been
since he went missing six months ago?
No! My son can't be in Pyongyang.
As you know, the woman he was seeing
while studying in the US was
a Korean-American
doing business with the North.
And of course,
we had already won her over to our side.
Six months ago, your son went
from the US to Austria with her.
I'm sure you looked into it.
And I guided the two to Pyongyang
from Austria myself.
I can show you a letter your son sent.
Min-jae sent a letter?
Even the CIA doesn't know yet
that your son is in Pyongyang.
But I'm sure it won't take long
for them to find it out.
And once they do,
it'll be just a matter of time
until the ANSP does too.
As I told you many times,
your son willingly went to the North.
It's just that
my country hasn't announced it yet
for your sake, Professor.
Your son…
misses his father so much,
Professor Han.
TAXI
Let's go.
What? Why are you taking this route?
Hey, driver!
Hey!
Damn it!
-Damn it!
-This is crazy.
-What the hell?
-Move!
"Move"?
Look. You just ruined all of my fruit.
Shouldn't you apologize first?
You can't go anywhere
before compensating me for them. Okay?